# PRIVAUSER
    #### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/P-8YyRiKl2I>
    #### Description:
    ##### Salute and Introduction:
    _Hello there! My name is Marcos Dayan Mann, I'm 20 years old and from Mexico City.
    First of all, I am very satisfied and happy with the CS50P course, and I want to send greetings to all the people who worked hard to create all the CS50 courses._
    I created a project called **PRIVAUSER**. This is a project that involves two main modules: bcrypt, and cryptography, to work together with a series of functions and methods I created to emulate a Safe Software for the user, that allows him to safely store all his personal information of accounts and profiles he has on the Internet, and of course, the passwords of them. These two security modules are great for ciphering information in form of a sequence almost impossible to decypher, and each of them has its activation key in order to cypher and verify if the password matches with the input of the user. I will leave both modules documentation if you want to learn about them <https://pypi.org/project/bcrypt/>, <https://pypi.org/project/cryptography/>.
    ##### Structure of the project:
    The project I created has a lot of important files working together, I will describe how each of them works and how do they are linked and facing the project.py file, that is the one that has the main function and on where all files are connected.
    The first functionality of the project, exists on the file prenc.py, in it, there are almost all functions of both modules bcrypt and cryptography. First, there is a function for the cryptography module for generating the key in order tu cypher and decifer the files, that function is disabled because it had to be called only once, to generate the key and that's it. Then, there are the functions for encrypting and decrypting the file that contains all the personal accounts of the user. I chose to use the cryptography module for ciphering and deciphering the file because it is a module that allows that, and the process is easy and fast, on the other hand, the module bcrypt is one of the safest modules in order to work with passcodes, this module has a lot of functionalities to cipher a passcode, and to verify if the user's input is matching the passcode. The advantage of this module, is that once you cipher a password, it cannot be deciphered for the user, or even for the programmer. The module has the ability for checking the passcode, but never to unveil the truth about it, so that makes it perfect for acting as the first master password in order to enter the system. Only on this case, for the desired purpose, I made that the passcode will be also written in its original form on the checking_pass.txt file, so the user that wants to try the program can access to it. The first function of this module, is the one for checking if the passcode entered by the user matches the stored passcode, the second one, is for changing the passcode for a new one, but previously entering the current one, and the final function of this module is for verifying if the user can or cannot enter the system when starting the program.
    Another file that was very helpful in building my project was ginput.py, because in it, I built a function called get_input that worked for the inputs, avoiding all kind of voluntary or involuntary errors the user can generate, administrating correctly the data types they had to put on each input.
    Another very important file, is the one called Accounts that has a class also called that way, in which its purpose is to store and manage all the personal data of the user while running the program. It has a constructor, a series of setters and getters, and three main methods that work to fulfill the needs of the user while running the program. The first one is called read_accounts, in which the method reads through all the lines of the csv file, ones decifred, and saves each account in an object, and append each of them to a list, so the way of managing with all data is better organized. The second method is called write_accounts, that makes the opposite. Each time the user performs a change on its accounts information, this method is called in order to save the data and prevent losses of information. The third and last method is called filltable that works together with the tabulate module, because it arranges the information of all objects in the format specified by the module in order to print it on the terminal in form of a table.
    Finally, we have the file that organizes all features into one, the project.py file. It operates in sequence. When the program starts, it first loads the key for the cryptography module in order to decipher the csv file so the class can read it, and then the file is automatically cifred moments after it is read by the class. Then we have control methods used for the flow of the project, methods to clear the terminal, to verify the numeric inputs, to print the data on the table format by the tabulate module, to add another account, to pass the values to the function in the prenc.py file in order to change the master password, and finally the main program, in which every function is called to perform its role. First, the user has to validate its passcode to enter the system, then the key is loaded and the file is read by the class, deciphering before and ciphering just after that. Then, the user enters to a loop in which a menu of seven option is displayed, and the user can choose between all of them to perform actions and queries to his information. The options involve actions such as seeing a dashboard of the saved accounts, changing the displaying time for the previous action, because of security it is defined like that, uploading a new account, modifying an existent account, deleting an existent account, changing the master password, and at the end, exiting the program, with all the changes saved.
    Alongside all these Python files, we have also a series of important files on which the important information is stored. First we have the accounts.csv file in which all the information of the users accounts is stored, but cifred. Also, we have the password.txt file in which the master passcode is cifred, an it will never be decifred by anyone. Also as I said, for accomplishing the reasons of this project, the passcode is stored on the checking_pass.txt too, so the user can see which is the default passcode stated. Also we have the file encription.key, in which the key for the encryption of the csv file is stored.  This is the main essence of the program and hope you as user can enjoy it and take advantage of it. Finally, we have some files that improve the experience of using this program. First, we have test_project.py, which testes some of the functions on the project.py file, also, we have the requirements.txt, that states all the libraries required to run this project, and at the end, we have this file, that is in the one that you are reading all the information of the project. I hope you find this project useful, I send you greetings!
